Updating Release Guidelines and Standards (#466)
finos/common-cloud-controls: docs/governance/community-guidelines/releases/versioning.md

## Release Frequency

> Releases should happen, at most, one time per month. This schedule ensures a manageable release cadence and maintains the stability of our artifacts. For more information about the releases, please refer to this document: [Releases](release-standard/releases.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases should happen, at most, one time per month. This schedule ensures a manageable release cadence and maintains the stability of our artifacts. For more information about the releases, please refer to this document: [Releases](/docs/governance/community-guidelines/releases.md)
```

Releases should happen, at most, one time per month. This schedule ensures a manageable release cadence and maintains the stability of our artifacts. For more information about the releases, please refer to this document: [Releases](/docs/governance/community-guidelines/releases.md)

> Releases should happen, at most, one time per month. This schedule ensures a manageable release cadence and maintains the stability of our artifacts. For more information about the releases, please refer to this document: [Releases](/docs/governance/community-guidelines/releases.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases should happen, at most, one time per month. This schedule ensures a manageable release cadence and maintains the stability of our artifacts. For more information about the releases, please refer to this document: [Releases](./README.md)
```
